is good story what time I took a poop
and I wiped and I looked at the paper
there was a lot of pooping I want to go
home and I wept again it went work off
and I go to bed how common is that for
people to look at the toilet paper after
you know I don't know but I see people
animating cartoons where somebody gets
off a toilet looks at the paper after
they wipe their ass it's like really you
Jeff do you really see people do look I
go yes you know what I do I wipe my ass
drop it to make sure that I got the poop
oh yeah do you got do that how dirty is
your last stamp or what he's talking
about
watch okay you know what if I wipe my
ass three times and every time it gets a
little bit dry or sometimes because
sometimes you could have totally happy
just you just drag to the turd down
which paper you gonna be you don't push
all this shit out of your eyes you miss
again sometimes I go up I cut in the hip
I pretty much really uh here's what I do
all right here's a prematurely white
here ass here's a step-by-step process
of how I wipe my ass okay walk in a shit
you look the right no okay guys are run
out of toilet paper do you like resort
to napkins or paper towels yeah fuckin I
keep toilet paper in my bedroom that's
how I wear dirty see you would have
started doing yourself cuz I go to
Dunkin donut no I just like grab some
fucking napkins napkins I have to see
the bed fuck man you know wipe your ass
with those brown cardboard Dunkin Donuts
nappies me wipe your ass with nothing
Cory how can you tell if you wiped all
the way if the fucking brown anyways
dude why again why are you looking at
your shit let me see how much shit sighs
I am sorry it is a problem that's right
here you're someone you're sitting on
you let a big dirty brownie fold yes my
Adele you can I just spread us right
down and get fuckin chocolates you know
and let me tell you something you toss
my salad I'm coming here it's perfect
right it's you off good wiped no you
waste your track or you can feel the
textures of your fucking anus you could
feel fear poof articles on the fucking
tips ask you what if it's yellow bus
shut up jack what
Elle is a fart achill ii if you're
sitting on the toilet wiping your ass
like this you're pulling the paper i'll
pass your leg and your ass those who run
the risk of streaking shit on your leg
every time you look under the edge but
every tissue is half of line-drawing
it's not shut up it's not live on yet
into a more there's no more like you see
the shit oh he must be liberal a boy I'd
sit your whitewash it's art you felt up
yours you know I could stick my scandal
black fine that doodles you zoom ugly
fuck all y'all I can all y'all ever
fucking tell you something I hate cats
over baby cats over damper skateboard
let me tell you something let me know
first of all I only do it when there's
no toilet paper which is rare okay maybe
once in a while I'll wipe my ass with
some fucking alright you tell me why
you're right zaga college it right the
Muisca is when you're a bad coin Stamper
Jeff with your you're dead
I figured myself like that not that what
do you scratch your ass through your
boxers ticket to avoid to get your
finger do think yeah tomorrow tomorrow
is a bad one another day I'll change
boxers tour for now I'll lay like shit
silk boxers we like dirty why I'm gonna
send you my answer I like shit that's
for sure
well why do you ready it get on your
fucking ass well supply we doing like
pinky cuz everybody's like hey get old I
mean don't you wipe good what yeah I
guess there's a good what you're like in
your mouth recreationally days you do
sketch it I first of all my hand just in
case I didn't get like I hate you I
press you're gonna have a little shit
stains okay my only pretending
that doesn't dig up his ass outside of
the bathroom
you guys really use Romaric salon sir
that's a lie
you guys dig through your boxes while
your serum on a night you do it well you
won't work
he's my significant others digging
through my laundry scene shit stains my
underwear what we said Cory said what so
you guys were the Red Room you did this
it was a fucking that it was what it was
I you know uh actually never said that
you're a liar thief bother your piece of
shit
first of all I wipe you said there was a
big fucking dug in on his fingers I
never said that yeah you say he'll try
to the bite of it I'll try
I'm not sitting there and just scratch
my ass because I'm afraid I'm just gonna
get shit all over my pants
the real question do i scratch my ass
but I'm careful about I don't dig up the
look at your fucking voice when you
scratch your ass you don't scratch your
asshole what you should do you I don't I
give you two students yes I'm talking
about you guys have ETS on rations man
oh I'm sleepy lately so I might have a
scratch here look here better happen to
my ass here's the real question
Mikey yeah I scratched my butt cheeks
out scratch like always getting you've
got you've got a devious voice you've
tried it I don't want me in your work
you see dear I believe you digging
around my ass in the shower cause the
water washes all my sins away now it all
comes out first of all I get the same
thing when there's a fucking toilet
paper okay don't you ever see it is
would you rather get up like a fucking
asshole and walk like imply I have I
love what Lester - yeah where did you
stop with the fucking shower with you
wipe your ass have you ever gotten a
little bit or the toilet seat and how do
you feel what you have because I know
you have I don't pull my shitty toilet
press roundup oh my god there's a little
piece of do - of the - yes right look
like you're accusing somebody murder
like I know you had I don't drag my
shitty toilet paper festive bowl of the
dry season away my ass drop it in a
border he survives your reckless so
James listen I'm on Team snapper because
that's exactly what the exact do you
guys played your hammerings in the
shower just like you yeah most reason
what seems act digging up your ass the
bog believe
gee you're slim brain Cleve I'm teen
queen I had ass you have your team
mystery ass you're like maybe but I'm
not sure my ass is perfect son first of
all okay all right mystery with you I'm
not ready
you and I jammed assholes right now it's
Cooper so let's do it
do it like an asshole poorest of all
what you know I'm not a stop saying
first of all it's like ninth of all now
okay well first of all okay likely I'm
not going in I'm not winning with Chanel
by ass you know I don't have to worry
about spring masculine it looks right it
looks good right okay I don't have to
present my ass to anyone anytime soon I
have to present my ass to the next
toilet seat when I shit okay I'm fine or
when I fucking sit down okay I don't
think my seats gonna talk back to me
like you've a shitty ass if I did you
what the hell are you talking about
hello